feat: Create submodules with defaults aligned with landing-zone workload and management VPCs (#442)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone-vpc: landing-zone-submodule/management-vpc/README.md

# Management VPC

You can use this submodule as a starting point to add capabilities incrementally.

Using this submodule, you can deploy a bare management VPC.
1. A single VPC:
   - Named `management` in this example
   - Includes three subnets across the three availability zone to host VSIs
   - Default, open network ACLs

This submodule also creates the following.
- A COS bucket which will be used for enabling flow logs.

:exclamation: **Important:** This example shows an example of basic topology. The topology is not highly available or validated for the IBM Cloud Framework for Financial Services.

> 

Reviewer: Add the tags for the terradoc (as in the root module) in the readmes of the submodules

> # Landing Zone Management VPC (Standalone)
> 
> This specialized module calls the [parent landing-zone-vpc module](../..) with preset configuration that results in a 'management' VPC whose topology identical to the management VPC created by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main).
> 
> This submodule can be used by advanced consumers requiring more modularity than provided by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main) to create their topology. This module provides one of the building block for this topology.
> 
> An executable example is available [here](../../examples/landing_zone/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Landing Zone management VPC (standalone)

This specialized submodule calls the root [landing-zone-vpc module](../..) with a preset configuration that results in a management VPC with a topology that is identical to the management VPC that is created by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main).

You can use this submodule when you need more modularity to create your topology than the terraform-ibm-landing-zone module provides. This submodule provides one of the building blocks for this topology.

See the [Landing Zone example](../../examples/landing_zone/) for runnable code. 
```
